season two now I need a C's - Oh
she'll love this episode so much this is
definitely confirmed my favorite anime
of this anime season this this talked
episode 9 the fighting scenes
they looked like freaking like battle
scenes and us showing longer anime it
was just so fluid with the animation I
mean you had that music you better put
on some headphones and listen to that
scene again if you did not
these just be dramatic music along with
the fighting an intensity tension of
just robo and yato this episode was a
damn good episode to end noragami season
1 I want to see a season 2 so damn bad
this this was a beautiful episode to end
it on and it didn't feel out of place
the pacing was great the storytelling
was great the freaky like shipping of
yato and Hiyori right at the end while
yatta blushes wow I didn't expect yah
turn a blush the way he already says I
want to stay with all of you forever
I was so beautiful and just I loved
every scene and in that dramatic moment
when you get to see Bravo
just cut he's always like orb to her
memories and half and when usually say
yato
go on run Hiyori pick her body up and
he's just holding her body and you could
tell he's just downright depressed and
then he drew puts her onto a side of a
rock and he looks and Robbo
with the most evilest freaking eyes he's
ever shown in the series and he rushes
freakin Robbo cuts him fight some badass
animation we can see boulders flying
freakin just cuts everywhere it was just
this episode my favorite this is my
favorite episode of the series is
definitely by far my favorite anime of
the season this is most likely I'm not
gonna joke with you if not a lot of
anime really hold up for what this year
is gonna be entitled for I'm gonna have
to say noragami most likely will be at
one of my favorite anime of this year
just because of the enjoyment value it
has given me I never believed freaking
12 episode series like noragami would
have dragged me in this much it in magic
you make me cry and some episodes have
made the emotional main I felt the
tension I connected with all the
characters getting to see the actual
character progression of you can a all
the characters had a badass role to play
even freaking Noora Noora even though
she was the main central villain in the
series along with Rob oh it was so
interesting getting to see these
villains play out and the way their
goals and schemes were in the background
even the other gods like be she mom she
was cool you know she didn't play them
after the first time she fought with the
ATO and still cool getting to see her
character
I loved this entire series for every
single aspect in it I really don't have
any complaints for this series truly
after looking at the series actually
looking back in my mind right now all
the enjoyment value have had and my
biased opinion I would give this a ten
out of ten for an anime review but this
is definitely not 100% best thing ever
out there I know that for a fact but as
my enjoyment value I definitely would
give this a 10 out of 10 because that's
how much I've loved origami through the
entire path and is taken through the
characters everything has been downright
enjoyable I just I can't
disapprove this anime I recommend this
anime to anyone that wants a damn good
ride with characters along with a really
great freakin plot now I know there's no
OVA series out of noragami and I've been
telling people that pretty much I'm not
gonna review it until I'm finished in an
origami series well I will be reviewing
the OVA I gotta find the OVA and I gotta
watch it so don't worry buddy I will be
reviewing the OVA of noragami I don't
know where it takes place in the story
I'll know if it takes place before or
after whatever it is I was avoiding it
for spoiler reasons so now that the
series is over I'm gonna watch it I
can't wait I'm definitely probably gonna
start the manga I'm definitely gonna
have to probably start the manga after
this episode I know this last portion
was kind of a filler --is-- art but even
for this to be in a filler arc it was
still freakin badass this was a badass
for work this is how you make a badass
filler arc that goes off a cannon but
the same time fits into the series I
don't even think this arc actually ruin
the story of noragami they could easily
put a season two after this and he
wouldn't actually affect the story at
all so I felt like this season did a
damn good job the studio that animated
the series good job I hope to see a
season 2 of noragami
this was almost a masterpiece it really
was I am joined everything I need to get
the soundtrack noragami soundtrack was
beautiful I love all these soundtracks
and I just love the emotions this series
has given me what was your thoughts on
this series everybody I mean did you
ever really think noragami would have
been this good I mean yes it was awesome
on the first episode but did you ever
believe noragami would be this
well-received did you think origami
would be this epic with characters even
the fighting scenes I mean it's like
fighting scenes like this in like a 12
episode series that's not even like a
show in longer anime so it
weird it really is and so I'm just
shocked
I really have tummy or fall to that one
and what was all your opinions on
noragami the series did you enjoy every
aspect of this do you feel like this
should deserve a 10 out of 10 as
entertainment value I mean where you
entertain hundred silly and if this was
to come to your actual country or States
or whatever with a dub or even the subs
would you purchase this right off the
mat would you support this series and
also if you didn't know the longest
series is actually coming through the
states also so I'm definitely gonna be
picking that up
I am definitely supporting noragami if
it has a BD DVD release with manga I am
definitely buying all the releases to
support noragami because it's definitely
entertain me about maximum everybody
this is the end of my final and I'm a
review of noragami tell me your thoughts
on this series everybody and it's been a
fun run with a series I look forward to
seeing you all again maybe we'll have a
season two no wonderful grand about
wherever you let it please be safe TV
out